icons/src/scalable/README.md, before:

## Symbolic Icons Source

 - To add or modify a symbolic icon, edit source SVG file found in this directory
 - For simplified development, has various scripts to extract or render icons from the larger SVG source files.
 - To edit the icons you will need `inkscape` and you'll need `ruby` installed to run the render script.

**[source-symbolic.svg](./source-symbolic.svg) - the source files that contains all of the symbolic icons**
 - each layer in this source file corresponds to a icon `context` and the icons are sorted accordingly
 - each icon should be drawn within an 16x16 pixel square and use only 1 colour
 - when complete, group all elements within a 16x16 rectangle (with no fill or stroke) and label that group with the `icon-name`

**[extract-symbolic-icons.rb](./extract-symbolic-icons.rb) - the render script**
 - extract any new symbolic icons from the source SVG by passing the icon name to this script: `./extract-symbolic-icons.rb <icon-name>`
 - or, if run generall, this script will look through the entire source file to render any new icons (if a new icon does not have a correct label the script will fail)

Commit message:

Rework extract symbolic icons (#2303)
* Remove trailing whitespaces

* Rework get_output_filename

- use a (probably) clearer naming
- add function documentation

* use docopt to parse CLI inputs

To improve discovery of the script features (parse all the icons, or
just some of them), running the script without args is forbidden.

Use docopt to generate the appropriate CLI args parsing from the usage
doc.

The new arguments are:
- all: extract all the available icons (as it was before without passing
  any argument)
- only, followed by a list of icon names: extract only the given list of
  icons

* Add force rendering to CLI options

* Rework main function

Try to rework main in order to:

1. get all available icons from svg file, as it did previously
    when extracting all the files
2. extract the icons into proper svg, all or only the selected
    once, according to CLI args

* Do not specify binaries path

Which inkscape and svgo binary use shall be decided by the system

* Improved documentation

* Fix scalable/README.md

* Add dependencies checker

do not permit the script to start if the dependencies are not met

* Capture output and exit code of external tools

External tools like inkscape and svgo can fail, but the output was
automatically dismissed, and the exit code ignores.

- use Open3 to capture output and exit code of syscalls,
- only in case of failure the command and its output is returned,
    and the process terminates

* Better check_deps error message

* update inkscape call

inkscape >1.0 does not support --file and --without-gui anymore
and inkscape <1.0 seems already able to support it.

* Add chopSVG documentation

icons/src/scalable/README.md, after:

## Symbolic Icons Source

 - To add or modify a symbolic icon, edit source SVG file found in this directory
 - For simplified development, has various scripts to extract or render icons from the larger SVG source files.
 - To edit the icons you will need `inkscape` and you'll need `ruby` installed to run the render script

**[source-symbolic.svg](./source-symbolic.svg) - the source files that contains all of the symbolic icons**
 - each layer in this source file corresponds to a icon `context` and the icons are sorted accordingly
 - each icon should be drawn within an 16x16 pixel square and use only 1 colour
 - when complete, group all elements within a 16x16 rectangle (with no fill or stroke) and label that group with the `icon-name`

**[extract-symbolic-icons.rb](./extract-symbolic-icons.rb) - the render script**
This script allows you to render all the icons in a single run, or to select the list of icons to render, using the commands `all` and `only` as shown below.
Icons that are already rendered (that is, whose .svg file is present under the Suru folder), won't be rendered again, unless the command `force` is used.

```
Usage:
    extract-symbolic-icons.rb [force] all
    extract-symbolic-icons.rb [force] only <icon>...

Options:
    all     extract all icon in the SVG file
    only    extract only the list of given icon names
    force   force extraction of already existing icon [optional]

Examples:
    extract-symbolic-icons.rb only image1 image2  # render only image1 and image2 if not already rendered
    extract-symbolic-icons.rb force only image3   # render only image3 even if already rendered
    extract-symbolic-icons.rb all                 # render all images, if not already rendered
    extract-symbolic-icons.rb force all           # render all images even if already rendered
```

dependencies:
- [inkscape](https://inkscape.org/)
- [docopt](https://github.com/docopt/docopt.rb): command line option parser, that will make you smile
- [svgo](https://github.com/svg/svgo): SVG Optimizer is a Nodejs-based tool for optimizing SVG vector graphics files.
